troubleshooting: Add instructions for TX2 failure when flashing  newer L4T versions (#1366)
balena-io/docs: pages/faq/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.md

#### Poor Power Supply
If you have a screen attached to your Raspberry Pi and notice that there is a small flashing colorful square in the top right of the screen, it could be the case that your power supply or USB cable is not suitable. Take a look at the [Troubleshooting Power Problems](http://elinux.org/R-Pi_Troubleshooting#Troubleshooting_power_problems) on the Raspberry Pi wiki. Additionally, if the onboard `PWR` LED is flashing intermittently, this too could indicate issues with the power supply.

## NVIDIA Jetson TX2

### Unable to flash a board that was previously running L4T 28.x

> With balenaOS 2.47, the [NVIDIA Tegra Linux Driver Package][l4t] (L4T) was upgraded to version 32.2 from a previous version of 28.x. Trying to flash a board that was previously running L4T 28.x with an SD card containing L4T 32.2 will fail. This failure happens because the new 32.2 kernel is incompatible with the NVIDIA eMMC partitions from L4T 28.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With {{ $names.os.lower }} 2.47, the [NVIDIA Tegra Linux Driver Package][l4t] (L4T) was upgraded to version 32.2 from a previous version of 28.x. Trying to flash a board that was previously running L4T 28.x with an SD card containing L4T 32.2 will fail. This failure happens because the new 32.2 kernel is incompatible with the NVIDIA eMMC partitions from L4T 28.x.
```

To resolve, either:

> * Perform a [self-service update][self-service-update] to update the host OS to >=2.47.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Perform a [self-service update][self-service-update] to update {{ $names.os.lower }} to >=2.47.
```
